Doc: Rework installation section (#151)
UniPiTechnology/evok: docs/installation.md

# Installation guide

Evok can be installed on Unipi OS or RaspberryPi OS.

> To install Evok, you will have to [prepared OS](#OS-preparation) and then [install the package](#installing-and-updating-evok).

Reviewer: *prepare the OS*

Author: Done

## OS preparation

This step varies by the platform used, either [Unipi images](#pre-built-unipi-os-images) or [RaspberryPi OS](#raspberrypi-os).

> 

Reviewer: Update the link below on L12, so it points to the section below. But it's under beta repos, which I don't know if will be changed.

Author: Link in L12 is OK. The link refers to unipi kb with latest no-beta images. Or what did you mean?

## Installing and updating Evok

> Make sure you have [prepared the OS](#OS-preparation) correctly first. This works both for installing and updating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have [prepared the OS](#OS-preparation) correctly first. Following steps work both for installing and updating.
```

This will make it more clear.

### Switching to the beta repository

> **To be able use the beta version, you need to have [prepared OS](#OS-preparation) already installed**. You can switch to the beta version of Evok by adding the repository to the apt sources:

Reviewer: I would use:
You need to have the OS prepared already.
